Evaluation benchmark (#106)
chhoumann/p7: report/sections/Chapter 09 - Evaluation/Benchmark.tex

\section{Benchmarking and stress testing} \label{chap:Benchmarking}

> In this chapter we present how these tests and benchmarks have been conducted, and describe the implementation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this chapter, we present how these tests and benchmarks have been conducted, and describe the implementation. 
```

> The goal of the stress tests and benchmarks are threefold: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goals with the stress tests and benchmarks are threefold: 
```

> First, it helps us determine an upper limit of simultaneous users before response times renders a student unproductive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, it helps us determine an upper limit of simultaneous users before response times renders a student unproductive.
```

> Secondly, it helps us determine pull times for clients using the Test Runner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secondly, it helps to determine the average pull time for clients using the Test Runner under different levels of stress.
```

Thirdly, it helps us establish different implementations of the backend regresses in terms of response times.

> To conduct the benchmarks, we have utilized BenchmarkDotNet (see chapter \ref{chap:preliminaries}) and defined three components used solely for the benchmarks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To conduct the benchmarks, we used BenchmarkDotNet (see chapter \ref{chap:preliminaries}) and defined three components used solely for the benchmarks:
```

> a client component simulating possible Test Runner client behavior, a Benchmark component responsible for orchestrating benchmarks for different Test Runner versions, and a test component ensuring that the client component can contact the Test Runner before running the benchmarks.

Reviewer: This should probably be in an enumerate environment.

\subsection{Orchestration and Test Runner parameterization}

> The benchmark and test components are managed in their own docker containers, and are connected to a network enabling communication between them and the container hosting the Test Runner. 

Author: Nej, for uden et network virker det ikke.

These constants are then shared among the necessary components' Dockerfile, which then use the information to establish a connection to the Test Runner.
For instance, the environmental constants describing the network location of the Test Runner service is passed as arguments to the Dockerfiles describing the tests and the benchmark, as these must both be able to contact the Test Runner service.
These environmental constants also allow easy adjustment of Test Runner implementing the Queue System without rebuilding the docker container.
These settings include the size of the queue system and the maximum number of threads the Test Runner can use to test the submitted Haskell code.
This makes it easy to experiment with different variables for the benchmarks and stress tests.  
The containers are orchestrated such that the benchmarks starts only if the test container exits successfully --- that is, all the tests pass successfully. 
Thus, wrongly configured containers do not result in misleading benchmark results.

\subsection{Selecting test parameters}

> To ensure a variety in complexity for the submission content several Haskell exercise solutions covering different concepts from course were selected, and Hspec tests based on the description of these problems were developed. \todo{create and ref to appendix containing the code and test} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve a varying degree of complexity for the submission content, several Haskell exercise solutions covering different concepts from course were selected, and Hspec tests based on the description of these problems were developed. \todo{create and ref to appendix containing the code and test} 
```
